Daron B: Hello.
Richelle Direny: What's an appointment.
Daron B: Here you go. I told you I was gonna get only reason I forgot. I forgot. Yesterday, Yesterday I forgot.
Daron B: Because I thought it was gonna be the age but
Daron B: Look,
Richelle Direny: What did you get my message. I know you told whoever was standing in the way to remind you
Daron B: That
Richelle Direny: Just in case.
Richelle Direny: Him a message.
Daron B: Is My kids love see what
Richelle Direny: Okay see kudos. Thank you.
Richelle Direny: And I sent you. You got your text message.
Daron B: Some about some was said to me, or so.
Richelle Direny: Oh, clearly, you know, read your messages. Okay, that's fine. I
Daron B: Was just reading my messages.
Daron B: Unless the guy says says VC toy is prior to your appointment I got that to this is a reminder for your session today LM I got it.
Daron B: was delayed I turn my phone off. I like
Richelle Direny: What is the main ma
Daron B: Ma text messages I turn my phone off at night. So it takes
Richelle Direny: Oh, that's fine.
Richelle Direny: How is everything going. I know I'm
Richelle Direny: Not this
Richelle Direny: Before you are having a hard time because you said that you had
Richelle Direny: You had lost a friend.
Daron B: It's pretty much you
Daron B: guys got still keep going.
Richelle Direny: Mean you said it was a really close friend.
Daron B: Yeah, I grew up with my brothers like my brother.
Richelle Direny: You said his brother.
Daron B: His brother, my brother, but we all like, you like when I was younger, like pretty much all the bad stuff into our brain.
Daron B: Because of you.
Richelle Direny: And you said it was an overdose.
Daron B: Nah, I was actually himself.
Richelle Direny: Oh, wow. So it was a suicide.
Richelle Direny: Oh, he had not one on one, assume
Daron B: He's been been by the press.
Daron B: The dictionary movie couldn't get his life together.
Richelle Direny: So how are you, I know you say, and we often say, Well, you know,
Daron B: It just
Richelle Direny: shows me what life's all about or whatever. But how are you coping with it was somebody that was close to you.
Daron B: Love taken as a lesson on
Daron B: My life get that
Daron B: You get that bad word. I never saw my daughter, my kids and software about I think like that.
Daron B: I mean,
Richelle Direny: I can get like that.
Daron B: I can't. No.
Daron B: I can't allow myself to get one. I
Richelle Direny: Mean
Richelle Direny: It's, it's, it's great that you you know you'd like to think of your children, but so
Richelle Direny: Did everybody else who has done stuff like that who has
Daron B: Children, because the
Daron B: Older kids his kids like she shouldn't be about
Daron B: This owners should be about like maybe 1617
Daron B: Right now, he's got a couple of younger ones are probably like 10 or 11
Richelle Direny: So for him,
Richelle Direny: He's thinking about his kids and he's saying he may be better off gone because then it won't have to see him like that. So it's all a matter of
Richelle Direny: How are you really truly looking at life are you looking as at my fist constantly being defeated, or are you looking at life like this too shall pass.
Daron B: Life like
Daron B: Things happen like I can put it like as in like, you know what I mean, like, take what he did, or two I will do is I feel like I could do that too. So I'm kind of up to it to myself for me to do that. Anyways,
Daron B: Just say
Richelle Direny: I mean, so it's not a bad thing.
Richelle Direny: It's a good thing that you admit to it areas.
Richelle Direny: To into myself.
Daron B: Right, and I'm a Christian. So
Richelle Direny: You are
Daron B: Yes, and definitely Kirsten
Richelle Direny: Okay, because I know you said that your mom is into the God thing. And when you said it like that. Okay.
Daron B: Definitely a Christian.
Daron B: Noah's it says in the Bible. Take your own life, you know,
Daron B: That's not
Richelle Direny: A belongs to you. Right.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But you know, I mean, but the reality of it is life does happen, we lose hope, especially in a time like. Now, when you're not working or you have bills to pay.
Richelle Direny: You have going on.
Richelle Direny: One does tend to feel hopeless, um,
Richelle Direny: I don't know for you, but I know oftentimes everyone's complaining, who has children is that when their home, they eat they eat a whole lot more.
Daron B: My phrase was just cleared out. I went to spit like almost $300 which probably will be cleared out within the next
Daron B: Probably like two, three more days.
Daron B: I cook a lot like really like very, very, very good could probably to open up a restaurant, one day, like I'm very good at it like I cook a lot. So sometimes it's also me cooking like for like a million people when there's not a million people here. You mean
Richelle Direny: But it's okay so I know some culture, what it's one thing to cook and that's good that you like to cook. Maybe you could move here and cook for me because
Richelle Direny: I don't know.
Richelle Direny: But, um, but it's one thing to cook. But then in wisdom, you're saying all right.
Richelle Direny: let's cook these meals or cook these things. So the food doesn't go bad, because things that are you can't leave certain things in the refrigerator tool on because then it will eventually go back
Richelle Direny: So if you cook it and you tell everyone. Listen, your it's going to be portion out because whatever we have has to last for a period of time.
Richelle Direny: Like I'm sure as much as you go and use, but I know when I spent $300 at the grocery store like I wanted to cry because that's a lot.
Daron B: And
Richelle Direny: Then when you're doing that every week or every other week, simply because they're consuming more because they're home. And when you're home. You think you're hungry when you're really not.
Daron B: Arrive right
Daron B: So it's crazy cuz he you know I'll be like, You just ate hard Dad Well,
Daron B: No.
Daron B: I get that a lot.
Richelle Direny: So you tell them you have to use your school stomachs.
Richelle Direny: When you're a home, you have to, you have to if you're in school, would you be eating a million times your day.
Richelle Direny: No. No, you wouldn't.
Richelle Direny: It HELL YOU EAT YOU EAT maybe twice for the day.
Richelle Direny: We're cool.
Richelle Direny: So let's think like we're in school. And when you come home, you get a snack. And then you have to wait till dinner. So technically, there's really four times that you're really consuming food. So let's act like we're in school every day.
Daron B: Every day.
Richelle Direny: And it's hard.
Richelle Direny: But, but you have to be because and the reason why I'm saying it that way.
Richelle Direny: Sometimes it's hard to conceptualize and to grasp it, because what you're doing is that you're stopping yourself from getting overwhelmed tomorrow when you realize that
Richelle Direny: The food is finish.
Daron B: Right.
Richelle Direny: I have no money to go get more food.
Richelle Direny: Right six little kids are looking at me.
Richelle Direny: What am I supposed to do.
Richelle Direny: You can go to bed hungry and you can go on a fast.
Daron B: But they can
Richelle Direny: They can, but do they understand it.
Richelle Direny: So, you know, do you know when it so no by no means am I suggesting that you do this.
Right.
Richelle Direny: I know. Like sometimes like if I might hit say, Oh, I'm starving. I'm like, oh you starve it okay let me pull up some look children from Africa. Let me show you what starving look like. Don't tell me you starving, because you don't look like this.
Richelle Direny: And so it is you're hungry. Okay, but you just ate an hour ago. So you're not hungry, you just feel like you're hungry so you could wait till lunch, or you could wait till things are prepared.
Richelle Direny: So it's just really reiterating that concept because you also have to think about your own mental health, your own stressors. If you and your, your, your children's mother you you have a little bit of income coming in.
Richelle Direny: The fields needs to be paid everything needs to be done.
Richelle Direny: You have to really think about what is what
Richelle Direny: And I see that you smoke so you also have to support that habit. Right.
Daron B: Yeah, I love to cook this is bad.
Daron B: terrible way to get like hear my voice right
Daron B: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: There's so much to think about. That's why I said like life does happen, but then you don't know how life will hit you.
Richelle Direny: And it will hit, hit you as a consequence to the small things like I you know I another group that I do. You're not a part of this group, but another group that I do. It was where we were talking about the coronavirus and you we talked about
Daron B: Something you're thinking, oh, well, I'm a healthy person. There's really nothing wrong with me.
Richelle Direny: Okay, there's nothing wrong with you. You've never been told, something is wrong with you, but I noticed that you're a smoker.
Richelle Direny: When you get sick.
Richelle Direny: Can your lungs handle all of that.
Daron B: For every so often.
Daron B: You sure makes it
Richelle Direny: When you get sick. How, how did when you get sick is
Richelle Direny: Our home if it's a
Daron B: Respiratory call it's pretty good news, good, bad, no, you can't breathe.
Richelle Direny: You when you cough. It's just like until it lingers longer it's worse for you.
Richelle Direny: Because you can't handle it.
Daron B: Right, here's a hack in your life. I just a little brief. I know you don't think you're about to sit right next to me to turn a video game or we say in a meeting, right. All right, give me a minute let me
Daron B: See, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Well, I'm guessing everybody's back home from grandma's
Daron B: From there, but there was we told him. Well, they've been with me all week for the weekend to go back when tired man aren't given back during the week when she goes to work.
Richelle Direny: Oh, so you share custody of all your kids.
Daron B: Joby not legally. But yeah, Malaysian was legally said I have not paid on is the child support for a reason. But yeah.
Richelle Direny: That's a conversation for
Richelle Direny: You say you wish evil.
Daron B: Right.
I don't think you wish you
Daron B: Know I wish it was like, yeah, does that I was paying the light. Where are we taking care of through the week. So why would I be paying child support. Well, you already have weakens your
Richelle Direny: But outside of that, like what else, what other things are going on. I'm trying to pull up your stuff.
Richelle Direny: So how have you been surviving through all of this.
Daron B: Money put
Daron B: Aside dogs. I'm just did a
Daron B: Drywall job. The other day, I think he called me last night when I get done over to call him back and see what see what are we doing this contractor because I've kind of tried that I do do painting the drywall.
Daron B: And sometimes I'd be
Daron B: Plenty plumbing or blue light.
Daron B: Blue
Richelle Direny: So you're like a handyman type thing.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So you. Oh, you are working officially for someone doing as a contract.
Daron B: Factory or first. I mean, I've done these jobs and my whole life. So, this is it. You know this. Like why don't have a dog, but I can get were like
Daron B: Very good luck.
Daron B: Here.
Richelle Direny: Oh you a jack of all trades.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Master which one
Daron B: The drywall.
Richelle Direny: So you are a jack of all trades, master, it just drywall.
Daron B: Yeah, baby.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so that's how you've been surviving
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So then why don't you make it a official where you are, where you're not necessarily just working for one person, but you
Daron B: Know,
Daron B: Waiting on contracts game veto say getting jobs is problem, you know, don't say sometimes if it's not, if it's taking too long for something to happen or move on to the next day.
Daron B: I mean hair cutting. I do. I got that katsu
Daron B: To do designs all that and even cut out here.
Daron B: And it
Daron B: Will break too so
You break
Daron B: Yeah.
Daron B: We've yeah we've all had that girl.
Daron B: And I got a black box. So, of course,
Richelle Direny: When I get to do anything. So
Daron B: Like she's on the total showed me. That's how I learned
Richelle Direny: What do you had a lot of sisters
Daron B: Nah, just when she went through her for this Herod watcher I got brothers.
Richelle Direny: Wow. So you did you do a whole lot you so you can hear you, Brett You you add in. We've you you cut any color to it.
Daron B: I do dreads and all that.
Daron B: Oh, I just do.
Daron B: I know vainly all my dudes is jurors. They're got Jared, so I pretty much did all danger.
Richelle Direny: Wow, and you put in braids
Daron B: Yeah, I could do all that.
Richelle Direny: Oh wow, and and then. So once you go from the cosmetology piece of it, then you go to
Richelle Direny: Doing construction work.
Daron B: Yeah, horse trainer, cause I could do horse trainer to
Richelle Direny: Know how to do
Richelle Direny: Name.
Richelle Direny: So what don't you know how to do.
Daron B: Fly
Richelle Direny: So with the next a lot of different very, very, very different things.
Daron B: Yeah. Coach football.
Richelle Direny: And you call it football. So where do you find time
To
Daron B: Just like the football coach him and his team was defeated for both flagging peewee football last year.
Richelle Direny: Wow.
Daron B: Yeah, let's say the average is like four to five touchdowns, a game.
Richelle Direny: So where do you find time. So, okay.
Daron B: Make it
Richelle Direny: What do you find time to
Richelle Direny: Even develop this habit. How did you find time to do that.
Daron B: When you have to be high dirt it
Daron B: I mean, really, the whole time that we doing it like, at first it was just because you know my leg to go through withdrawals started becoming more like
Daron B: Certainly, keep me calm better to sell because I'm not gonna lie, sometimes get overwhelmed.
Richelle Direny: What
Daron B: Everything like just turn that
Richelle Direny: happy about it overwhelming me
Richelle Direny: It was
Daron B: Attack everything at once. There's a thurs is trying to do too many things in mind races a lot
Daron B: Not really. While it was smoking weed or stuff like that. Like, it keeps me from, like, you know,
Daron B: I gotta do this, but I've known that it Ah no freakin freaking out because I'm trying to do too many things that WOODS RIGHT.
Daron B: Especially in my house. Oh my God tells me all like you're trying to do too much at once. You can't just focus on one day and I do music, you know that mean so yeah
Daron B: I've actually
Daron B: I've opened up a genuine I've opened up for young buck. I've done a lot of stuff.
Richelle Direny: When you mean you do music. What do you do you play you seeing you. What do you do
Daron B: Do do a rap and r&b music around r&b
Daron B: Hip Hop and r&b
Richelle Direny: So how do you what do you find time to do all of this.
Daron B: Well, music, some kind of slow down as a right now it just for a little bit longer, about to get back to
Daron B: You
Daron B: So people don't like it.
Richelle Direny: Like you
Daron B: Know like what around or about the D shows
Richelle Direny: Why
Daron B: Because the fields and stuff like
Richelle Direny: Okay. Yeah, but what is it that you like, because that is a lot. That is a lot to do.
Richelle Direny: That is a lot to do.
Richelle Direny: And you can't, you know, you can't
Richelle Direny: Do construction.
Richelle Direny: Then you're saying you're a horse trainer, because that's what you grew up doing.
Richelle Direny: Then you can say that you do here. I don't know how the hair part came
Richelle Direny: Into that to learn how to do
Daron B: Is like you don't like.
Daron B: I got people that still call like Hey Bro, do I need, you know what I mean, I'm not really like doing it as much. But I thought really wanted to just make one posted. And everybody's like, oh, he's back and then my Facebook will go nuts.
Richelle Direny: But then what about
Richelle Direny: What about then you say you want to open up a restaurant because your
Daron B: Phone. Oh man, that guy asked me to go do this right now. Okay.
Daron B: Okay, take the chips. What you go
Daron B: Okay, we'll pick them up. Take care.
Daron B: All right. Thank you.
Daron B: All right.
Daron B: They see me first.
Richelle Direny: So what is it that your partner does
Richelle Direny: giving credit where credit is due. Because he paused for a little bit. What does she do, because it seemed like you over here doing
Daron B: Everything she said she was doing nursing
Daron B: For all older people like in Nursing.
Daron B: work out too well. So she's very much for helping me out through here, the babies, the babies. The kids.
Richelle Direny: When you say
Richelle Direny: When you say that she didn't work out like she was a CNA
Daron B: RV whatever you go to take care of whatever it's called, or you go take care of people that can't take care of themselves.
Richelle Direny: Yes. See any medication assisted a patient care system.
Richelle Direny: Type of thing.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So you said that wasn't working out.
Daron B: A couple times or she wasn't able to make it on time so
Daron B: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So now you are so
Richelle Direny: Are you saying that the brunt of the responsibility of taking care of everything is on, you know,
Daron B: Yeah.
Daron B: Hello.
Daron B: Clarity.
Daron B: Of
Daron B: It is what it is the house of God take care of the household period, regardless
Richelle Direny: But then when you like so, like, there are a few times where you came in a group and you said that you were really overwhelmed.
Daron B: Is
Daron B: Over tough it out.
Richelle Direny: What is your self care there.
Richelle Direny: Because that's a lot. That's a lot that you're doing.
Richelle Direny: And given that you're not really supposed to be going out like that.
Richelle Direny: What are things that you're doing to help you get through.
Richelle Direny: All of what you just told me you even find time to fish.
Daron B: They're asleep so rubbing my fishing does have a time for myself. I've been doing a lot separate last night. It was too cold or I would have with that's my time. Like, just relax. I do. I did cat fishing tournaments during the server.
Daron B: So,
Richelle Direny: Oh, so you get the fish you
Daron B: Know done do tournaments, where I mean like if I go to like a pond or so we're gonna go to the river do it but like I do tournaments are like 5000 1500 30 $500 tournaments.
Daron B: That catch really big blue
There's
Richelle Direny: They have
Daron B: Yeah, like the Ohio River tournaments.
Daron B: Counselors paradise hermits. There's all the orders multiple tournaments around here that we have
Richelle Direny: And they'll
Richelle Direny: Go out in a fish and they catch the fish.
Daron B: That to whoever catches the biggest way to solve your way of fish, you can catch to the business.
Richelle Direny: And then you do, what did you put the fish back in ocean.
Or
Daron B: Get awaited you going to do to take you gotta keep it alive to get it into to take as long as it's a lot of cold part of our very qualified by beat out
Get paid
Richelle Direny: And again, how do you keep up with
Richelle Direny: All of these things that you do.
Richelle Direny: And
Daron B: Sometimes because of her to do to do different things.
Richelle Direny: I mean that, but come on now. That's, that's okay, let's put your self in your partner shoe if she was doing the millions of things that you said that you try to get done or do or you're a part of
Richelle Direny: What time do you have for anybody else.
Richelle Direny: I wouldn't feel
Daron B: Like
Daron B: A dry run over the do. But when I get done. I just want to tell it from also to
Richelle Direny: Finish doing everything for yourself.
Richelle Direny: Now you want time to unwind and spend time with yourself.
Richelle Direny: I've been spending the whole day with yourself.
Daron B: Does just took care of me. I take her facial way. She goes, she likes going
Richelle Direny: But it's still something that will like
Daron B: She was she told me to go
Richelle Direny: So, what time do you spend with
Richelle Direny: The individual what it is that fair. They love they're passionate about how much time do you spend with your children spending quality time with them in things that they love
Daron B: I mean, I'll do that all day long with them. They're like last night. We did family movie night, either they made her leg on the couch watch movies to you after a cooked.
Daron B: Meat fried fish fried potatoes macaroni and cheese. So
Richelle Direny: You did all of that gravitational fried macaroni
Daron B: And made better than sex cake. Yes.
Richelle Direny: There's a cake call that
Yes.
Richelle Direny: I had a Google as
Richelle Direny: Well, so you did all of that.
Yes.
Daron B: Got the cakes to prove you want to see the cakes. I'll show you the cakes.
Daron B: might not look too good, because I put a little bit of flow over the top of
Richelle Direny: You. Wow.
Richelle Direny: I like I see why the children want to eat all day long.
Richelle Direny: What exactly do you get
Richelle Direny: stressed about because you get you. You have a lot
Richelle Direny: Going on.
Richelle Direny: What exactly you get overwhelmed about which which one of your things that you're involved in overwhelms you the most.
Daron B: We just find a time
Daron B: Subaru
Richelle Direny: So, what is it, what is on top of it.
Daron B: Oh,
Daron B: That was some candy bars call her.
Daron B: This the candy bars of chocolate toffee.
Richelle Direny: Oh, I don't know the chocolate.
Daron B: Chocolate. It's like a German chocolate cake with
Daron B: It's like two different cake mixes this German chocolate.
Daron B: Cake.
Daron B: You put you poke holes are important.
Daron B: To us, we couldn't smoke over the top with the I don't do that because I put so much karmani need to put horrible.
Daron B: Over it and then put marshmallow top a over
Daron B: Whipped cream over the more carnival drizzle over the top with
Daron B: Chocolate jurors. Oh, did you have crushed up candy bars in the PICO
Richelle Direny: Why that's that's that's
Richelle Direny: Going out through the roof.
Daron B: And it
Richelle Direny: Was all. Wow.
Richelle Direny: Wow.
Richelle Direny: Wow, that's, I just can't pay nothing but while so you made all of that yesterday.
Richelle Direny: You love the kitchen. So what was a which one of the individual things that you just told me construction.
Daron B: Urgent that is because there's more money in it. So I do it, I really like this.
Richelle Direny: Oh, you don't really like it.
Daron B: Though really
Daron B: Well,
Daron B: Because it's more. I mean, there's a lot more money to be made doing it. You don't say.
Richelle Direny: Bye for everything that you just said that you do. I think it's how you market yourself in market it.
Richelle Direny: That what determines how much money you get
Richelle Direny: Because being in the kitchen. I mean, the one thing that you know for sure.
Richelle Direny: Construction will die.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I don't care how poor a person is they need food to eat.
Right.
Richelle Direny: And it listen as much as things are bad, they tell us we can't go out, but I'm going to go out and buy me some money.
Daron B: For it. Right. Yeah. Oh, no, I, I was doing. Oh, I have to give a vendor's license and I was doing the thing that started last summer and
Daron B: I knew I had it all posts that are loops and I made my slogan, and it was like DS wings and things like like she did a really good on postage for Facebook and stuff.
Daron B: I started it, it did very, very well. Then I got a little bit overwhelming because it was just two of us doing so we had to make sure I got the orders on time and they were there, but it was just like oh my god or somebody orders, you know, really.
Richelle Direny: Wonderful. Now, right.
Richelle Direny: The new thing is the food trucks.
Daron B: Yeah, but I have to get the problem now is trying to tell you is that I didn't have a vendor's license.
Daron B: So my mom was like, look, you got a lot of people calling right now. If you are having a vendor's license, there will come after you. So I just kind of like fell back and talk about the windows license. I have a problem.
Richelle Direny: So what's stopping you from doing
Daron B: Just going through the whole process getting things out and finding time to be able to figure out how to get either gave a vendor's license. I don't know how to do it though.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you have salt in everything that you've met you. You have so much skills and so much qualities
Richelle Direny: You are going to get overwhelmed and I promise you this, you're going to get overwhelmed, your anxiety is going to go through the roof.
Richelle Direny: Your increase desire to do the things you do to calm your calm you down from those racing.
Richelle Direny: Saying that
Richelle Direny: You use the marijuana to do that.
Richelle Direny: If you run out your Suboxone, you know, hey, listen, I needed. What do you mean that it's not filled because you have so much in your mind. You look like you need to prioritize
Richelle Direny: What is it that I need to work on right now if construction is that, like, what is your goal, looking for a lot of money right now or are you looking to sustain right now and long term.
Richelle Direny: And you have
Daron B: No more on the Sustainable really where I would like to do is my music right
Richelle Direny: Music only gets you. Let's be real. I'm not really into the music. But if that's what you love.
Daron B: I mean, I've done, I've done a lot more than a lot of people I've done, I've toured with anyone for two weeks. I've done things with but young buck. I've met GTC Young Money. I've done a lot of things I just kept getting myself in trouble, where our producers were like
Daron B: I don't know what to do.
Daron B: I went to prison. I went to jail 33 three times in one month on top of it happened to be in Knoxville, Tennessee that week right we're within a couple weeks then then they just
Know,
Daron B: I mean, I just want to do your music and just get it out. I really couldn't care less about performance. I mean like I right or right or be music to, you know, be like, I would like to be a songwriter.
Daron B: But
Daron B: It just moves.
Richelle Direny: But then based on if you're doing. So you're saying that out of everything the cooking the construction. The
Daron B: Hero Diane cooking cooking cooking and cooking. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Well, they're two completely opposite ends of the spectrum.
Daron B: But most people own their own businesses as far as food.
Richelle Direny: But then in the kitchen.
Daron B: There prior couple of women are
Richelle Direny: Present.
Richelle Direny: In the kitchen cooking up
Richelle Direny: One of them.
Richelle Direny: That's in the kitchen cooking.
Richelle Direny: Right, you can. It's kind of like math two masters.
Richelle Direny: Masters.
So,
Richelle Direny: If music
Richelle Direny: What you want to do keeps getting you in trouble times taking you away from your children, putting your whole everything that you're working for is being put at Jeopardy is that the route to go if the way you're going about it.
Richelle Direny: And what it
Richelle Direny: Is getting you in trouble.
Daron B: Oh,
Daron B: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Because look at look at a lot of these people that walked away from the music industry and tell the stories as much as they like.
It.
Richelle Direny: Away from the music industry like that where he's not like in the public like that.
Richelle Direny: What's his name.
Richelle Direny: Walks away.
Richelle Direny: And is now a pastor. I even know was a pastor to people so
Daron B: We have x
Richelle Direny: DMX as a pastor
Daron B: Yeah, he's a pastor
Richelle Direny: He's he is
Daron B: Yeah, he became a pastor
Richelle Direny: Be a man or
Daron B: Are you talking about. No, no, no, no, no, no, you're talking about base.
Daron B: mace. Yes, he's a pastor
Richelle Direny: And and I'm
Richelle Direny: Michael Jordan know
Daron B: deion Sanders.
Richelle Direny: deion Sanders is a pastor
Daron B: Yes, for sure. He's a pastor
Richelle Direny: The basketball, football player is pastor
Daron B: Yeah, he's a pastor
Richelle Direny: No, I'm talking about the song. This is how we do. What's his name.
Daron B: You tell a moto
Richelle Direny: Moto moto Jordan. That's the name
Richelle Direny: Yeah, he's a pastor right
Daron B: I know
Daron B: I know he does, gospel music, though, but I didn't move
Richelle Direny: past it. I actually, I was watching. I saw movie with him and I googled it. And he is
Daron B: Fighting temptations.
Richelle Direny: No, no, it was another movie.
Daron B: Because he was in the movie would be answer for
Daron B: Fighting today's you
Richelle Direny: Know it was another movie where he died in the movie. I forgot the name of the movie, but he had ended up dying in the movie.
Richelle Direny: But, um, but that's how I because I when I saw that person. I kept saying God. That guy looks like a singer that I know from back in the day. And when I go I said okay that is him and he and it says this is page came up. He's a pastor, but um
Richelle Direny: But, um,
Richelle Direny: But either way, what I'm saying is that a lot of these people in the music industry.
Richelle Direny: That was big at one point they walked away from it. They still do something but not at the on the same level in the same platform as a how they did it. So the question is,
Richelle Direny: Is it that it's just music wanting to be a songwriter RMB. Like, what exactly are you looking to do you say that you're a Christian, but how does that look like for you going into that music industry.
Richelle Direny: Are your beliefs. What is it that you want to, what are your standards.
Daron B: For
Daron B: I don't know. We saw it like this.
Daron B: America, right. The third thing I want to do is, like I said, I
Daron B: Go about getting the things I need to be able to do it.
Daron B: You know what I mean.
Richelle Direny: But, but, as I'm saying what I'm asking you is
Richelle Direny: What it is that you out of, out of the hundreds of things that you just named out that you do that you're a part of your
Richelle Direny: Two things that I absolutely love
Richelle Direny: But you need to now pick apart those two things and ask yourself what is it that I really and then come, bring it down to those two things. One of them is going to have to
Richelle Direny: Take
Daron B: Is in
Richelle Direny: The music industry. What does that look like for you.
Daron B: All these people
Richelle Direny: You've been around.
Daron B: In terms of people trying to do the same thing. I feel like I just like, you know what I mean, like,
Daron B: The music, things like we're like, just under release things you know name when I write like to release stuff that's in my head, then
Daron B: Like I said over there just sober music and actually like be all the way in there like you know me, my performing and everything. I felt like we'll get into the old woman.
Daron B: You know, so
Daron B: Yeah, I mean, like the food thing will be like a really big thing to do. She's, she's a great coach, just like me, like we could do together and be able to work on that together just going about getting it out. You know what I mean.
Richelle Direny: When I hear you're saying in everything that you go back to your keeping it on it. You're not taking it out.
Richelle Direny: Actions to match what's in here.
Daron B: Right.
Daron B: Gotta move switching mode or
Daron B: Buddy.
Richelle Direny: Good. You said he has to look at you.
Daron B: As a bottle or so.
Daron B: We'll see the talk to him the host stop.
Daron B: Hey. Hey. Hey daddy right here.
Daron B: Grab your brother, real quick.
Daron B: Where's this bottle.
Daron B: Bottle is
Daron B: Might want to use the restroom, or he needs to change his diaper so
Daron B: Oh no, I said, Oh, my head so double tired still
Richelle Direny: What do you do to get the thoughts you have and put it on paper.
Daron B: I don't even know where it comes from everybody like bro, the lot of
Daron B: The Urban music you even think it was me. A lot of it will be like tennis, it's like, why are you not doing this and this. I'm like, I don't even know where it comes from.
Daron B: I just start writing and and again until whole wide set of, like, Oh no, I hear it, like, because I'm going to make my own beats and everything right, very good at this stuff like you don't understand if I send you my music. You would not believe it.
Daron B: I got very, very good at this.
Richelle Direny: So what's stopping you from
Richelle Direny: Putting things into taking what's in your head and putting into action and seeing it come to life.
Daron B: There's always something gets was always sort of throws. We're out of fellowship are doing things out what to do.
Richelle Direny: And what did name one thing, the most recent
Daron B: Well, I got a star right and then Susa right and there's a kid proves it or I start writing soon as I start to see you.
Richelle Direny: Take yourself out of the house and go somewhere where there's no disruption.
Daron B: Yeah, that doesn't happen.
Daron B: By leave. It's hail.
Daron B: Rochelle like for it to be like some crazy as arguing over something one I would even work.
Richelle Direny: So, okay. So in the moments gets asleep during the day. Wake up when everybody's everybody's asleep in the middle of the night, do your work. So then what
Daron B: You got to come up with
Daron B: Now, I know, but that won't happen. Right. You're fired. Move. It's where you go.
Richelle Direny: To the kitchen to go write something
Daron B: You know,
Daron B: That'd be argument.
Richelle Direny: Is there a history why there's the paranoia.
Daron B: I mean, kind of, I'm not really though because it don't
Richelle Direny: Say, not really. Which one is it
Daron B: I mean like past of like before we even got together. I mean, knew that. That's old let it go.
Richelle Direny: So what is it that you okay let's let's reach free frame it or restructure it, what is it that you can do to take what's in here.
Richelle Direny: Put it into action. Keep the wheels turning where the byproduct of it is supporting you and your family and being in a better place. That's what you're working towards
And
Daron B: Possibly
Daron B: more plausible have a situation where would be. We need to do more food. But like I said,
Daron B: I have to figure out how to go to throwing that legal like it's already
Richelle Direny: Their
Daron B: purpose was to do is just, I didn't have what I need it as far as being able to sell food.
Daron B: Is not going to turn
Richelle Direny: Okay, so now you're in quarantine.
Richelle Direny: Everybody's informed, how
Richelle Direny: Heather, you take some time together to figure out doing your research online writing it down. And so when everything starts opening back up. You can get out there and do what it is that you need to do.
Richelle Direny: Now on asking how can you do that.
Richelle Direny: Because saying, I don't know how to do it.
What are you doing,
Daron B: Google just look up things like center be able to have time to sit down and be able to look up what I needed to get done.
Daron B: I mean pretty much everything else I can do as far as getting the food. I know have no problem getting the food.
Daron B: And I'll have no problem getting into containers. I don't have no problem getting the bags and things that I need to be able to do it. I just, I have I'm having a problem of figuring out my though the legal way and we be able to do it.
Richelle Direny: So, which is getting your which is getting your vendor's license.
Right.
Daron B: Right.
Oh,
Richelle Direny: And getting your vendor's license what it is that you in her because you're talking about you guys doing this together. Right.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So what is it that you can both do in terms of doing your research so that the first thing that you do once everything starts opening back up is going out and getting your vendors license.
Word.
Daron B: Away. Like, look it up.
Daron B: It's like really really figure it out studies as a study or what the what I need to get done. You know what I mean to read up what how to go about doing it or probably could be doing
Richelle Direny: A vendor's license. Isn't it something that you're applying for through the state.
Daron B: Yeah, that's what I mean like, but I gotta figure out how to even apply to the state, you know,
Richelle Direny: So you go on the website. The state's website. Sometimes they have like a search a search on the top where it says obtaining vendor's license and it will take you to whatever page and it gives you a list of what it everything that you need to do in order to obtain this license.
Daron B: Right. I mean, I could double check. I'll check it on. I'm just gonna say like, so like I'm talking about good. Sorry. Then I'll probably get aggravated my the middle
Daron B: Because like I just certain things. I will understand, and then later when I need that help to figure it out like some I also do busy or, you know, maybe now just lose interest by that time.
Richelle Direny: Or could it be that you just have way too much on your mind and away all these things. And then all these ideas that you have that when it takes when it comes down to putting it in motion, you get overwhelmed and you start saying, oh, I don't understand. Oh.
Richelle Direny: And then could it be that
Daron B: Good. Is that a lot
Richelle Direny: Because it doesn't say it's nothing to understand. It's not like you're taking a test. At least I wouldn't
Work.
Richelle Direny: It's just like it's going to be blunt and just say, it sounds like much more of a cop out because then you have 10 things on your mind.
Richelle Direny: And when you're forced to focus on the one thing
Richelle Direny: It's very hard for you to focus on the one thing
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: What do you do in when you're in when you're when you're writing your music. Are you able to focus on what it is that you're writing
Daron B: Do
Richelle Direny: You understand everything that you're doing when you're writing
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And you put a you formulate because I mean with music with rap or whatever it's art because it's like it's almost like a point
Daron B: That you're right. Yeah.
Daron B: Very, very time poetry setting, especially to do real hip hop.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so it's a point
Richelle Direny: But then to do this but like I remember in school when they were teaching us to write poems I didn't like it.
Richelle Direny: Because you got a rhyme, the different things and it has the flow.
Daron B: And it's always rumors.
Daron B: Is the windows at school, when the class will have to do posts and we'd have like a little bit. I'd win those
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and I would be the one that will been cheating because I've been looking at your paper.
Daron B: That would have been me. Oh, very good poetry.
Richelle Direny: Okay, but that's an art within itself. So if you can do that. It tells me you can focus. You can zoom in on the one thing you can
Richelle Direny: You're just opting not to
Richelle Direny: Because that's what you're passionate about what you love what you think about when you wake up when you go to sleep throughout the day is what you put your time and energy into
Richelle Direny: Everything else is a byproduct to that everything I have time, I like it, but no. Oh, somebody else do it. I'll do the end thing you do all the work that goes along with it. But when it comes on to your music know
Richelle Direny: Leave me be, let me do my thing we want to start it. You want it to you, you can completely focus in you can zoom in on it. Tell me where I'm wrong.
Daron B: Right.
Richelle Direny: No. No. Tell me wearing what I just said, I'm wrong.
Richelle Direny: So what are you going to do, I mean,
Richelle Direny: You're frustrating yourself you're
Richelle Direny: Overwhelming yourself.
Richelle Direny: It is not like overwhelming you it is not things that's overwhelming you it's Deron overwhelming daring because Darren is saying, I want to do this. I want to do this. I like this and I like that. And I like this. I can make money in all these different areas.
Richelle Direny: NOTHING STICKS because you don't put the time and energy into it because what your passion is what your deepest desire is what your love is
Richelle Direny: Is music and there's nothing wrong with that. Because I think by itself. I love music I like listening to music. I personally don't care for rap. But I have to say the one rapper that I really did like truly, truly did love is DMX
Richelle Direny: Because you understood what he was saying his words were very clear. It wasn't like, what the hell are you talking about money.
Daron B: Like
Richelle Direny: That was the only rapper that I would sit and listen to
Richelle Direny: Um, so, but that was art. That was a gift. I love listening to music. I can't really sing a lick. But I love listening to it. One day I wish when I in this in my next life. I will be a singer, but that's a gift.
Daron B: As either say her so she is
Daron B: really dope answer.
Daron B: Who your real friends. Yeah, this is very dope.
Richelle Direny: Then, if that's what you love.
Richelle Direny: Do something that in music. If you both Love it. Do something that you both will come together where it's not sending you to jail. It's not
Richelle Direny: You're not finding another woman that now here's another child coming from this woman that now I gotta pay child support for that. Now, I may or may not see that I may or you understand what I'm saying all of the what ifs with this life.
Richelle Direny: That life that part of the music industry that comes with its own set of troubles. But you find a way
Richelle Direny: To do music in a way where you're being
Richelle Direny: Able to show forth your gifts, your talents.
Richelle Direny: Where she is not having to worry and stress about what was going on.
Daron B: Right.
Richelle Direny: You have to, you have to have thought to that.
Richelle Direny: But it seems to me like you don't even really want to put thought to that.
Richelle Direny: That time for it.
Richelle Direny: But your
Richelle Direny: Time because you won't quarantine.
Daron B: Yeah.
Daron B: Thank you.
Daron B: Do you want you to start to begun.
Richelle Direny: Well, you have to figure out what it is that you want to do.
Daron B: To figure it out.
Richelle Direny: I'm
Richelle Direny: Again, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be blunt I try my best to be tactful, but sometimes you can't always be tactful you and laziness needs to stop being friends.
You
Daron B: do that a lot. And then I get overwhelmed. It's like a tire.
Daron B: With a lot of work. I gotta do. I was just like, there's like looking at it.
Daron B: You know, you gotta go clean it or dishes, which I hate doing, but I have to
Richelle Direny: hate doing the dishes go tell them to do it.
Daron B: I'll know my daughter setup and dinner was
Daron B: Surprised. I was like, okay, that's not like not have to ask you just did it like that was special. But like, this is just as an example, it's like just looking at. So let's you really don't want to do
Daron B: You gotta do.
Daron B: These it's just blue
Daron B: Yeah, I needed that first
Richelle Direny: Welcome and we ignore it and we ignore it. But at some point in time.
Richelle Direny: You have to get some willpower come out of that funk and just get the wheels turning
Who
Richelle Direny: Was at this point would, would you say that you're living paycheck to paycheck.
Yeah.
Daron B: Yeah.
Daron B: For sure, for sure.
Daron B: I know. Just take a wipe it just kind of like cleaner because it's kind of cold, you know, that means I really don't want to do that.
Daron B: Matter of fact, just let me do that just wiper Lou wiper down so that was she's not trippin everywhere.
Richelle Direny: You, um, you're living paycheck to paycheck, but in every single thing that you're telling me that you do there is money to be made.
Daron B: He made my dog bread.
Richelle Direny: Okay, don't tell me nothing else that you do because I mean my my brain is swelling.
Richelle Direny: My brain is swelling.
Richelle Direny: There's a horse trainer in the dog breeds. If people love animals. Animals has been upgraded
Richelle Direny: Human beings. So they're treated like human beings. Now, you
Richelle Direny: You do.
Daron B: Which
Richelle Direny: One is in it as well. But you don't want it.
Richelle Direny: To cook.
Richelle Direny: You can't make money with that. The uniqueness.
Richelle Direny: In your cooking or that special ingredient makes you money you wrap you do so much
Richelle Direny: You do so much that you can't money can be made in each of
Richelle Direny: Laziness has become your best friend, it stops you, it put shackles on your feet and it stops you from moving forward. So without realizing it. You're stuck.
Richelle Direny: In one place
Richelle Direny: And you're not being able to benefit, simply because every time you look at everything, like you say you're like, Screw it. I'm gonna go lay down and before you know it, a day just past two days just past three days just pass
Daron B: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: Listen, let me um
Richelle Direny: Schedule.
Richelle Direny: Today, today's Friday is this time, good for you or best
Daron B: What time you wake up at
Richelle Direny: 11 so let's do the first at 11
Daron B: Okay, their work.
Richelle Direny: Alright, see you on Thursday. And think about what I said narrow
Daron B: I will
Richelle Direny: Between now and the first during your homework is that you are going to
Richelle Direny: Sit down and really put
Richelle Direny: Identify what is it that you're passionate about and what steps are you going to take to get to it, even if you're going to do this with your girlfriend or you want to do this with your girlfriend, you want to build this with your girlfriend. What steps are you willing to take
Daron B: To get
Richelle Direny: To that goal.
Daron B: Or color heard most of it kind of like somebody was calling me so the line the block to you. I just heard was that
Richelle Direny: If this is between now and when we meet again, I want you to identify what steps, identify what is it that you love, it's music. It's cook it.
Daron B: Has a chicken to the imma check into the vendors licensing and see how to go about getting it done in a
Daron B: Hopefully that
Richelle Direny: Music flip
Daron B: Food, we're going to go with the food love music has been a hobby thing for no
Richelle Direny: No, no, no. Go.
Richelle Direny: I want you to have two papers both things jot down your thoughts and your ideas and then you can tell yourself. Which one is better to move forward with right now.
Richelle Direny: Okay, Master. Yeah, I will.
Richelle Direny: Both of them. You got to choose one.
Richelle Direny: I can't hear you.
Daron B: Yeah, my phone can
Daron B: Somebody will be have already visited this numbers.
Richelle Direny: Well, we're gonna get off because I have another person coming in but
Daron B: To our
Daron B: Two things. Write it down.
Daron B: Figure it out.
Richelle Direny: Talk about it. And we'll see which one you're going to go with. Okay.
Daron B: Okay.
All right.
Richelle Direny: You too.
Richelle Direny: Hi Brittany.
Hello.
Richelle Direny: How are you
I'm all right.
Richelle Direny: I'm good, I'm good.
Richelle Direny: Let's see.
Richelle Direny: How is everything going. I know you were gonna figure out, like when we met in group, you were talking about your landlord and everything that was going on with your landlord.
Brittany Dingess: I haven't heard from Oregon, we paid ran this way and
Brittany Dingess: I haven't heard anything else about her wanting to sell the house.
Richelle Direny: Did you did you know what, remember you were going to look into.
Brittany Dingess: The houses and apparently it's in a guy i don't i'm not ever met this guy, but he is your local realtor. The house is technically, and he his name. According to like the
Brittany Dingess: I looked online for
Brittany Dingess: Like property records and stuff and the houses in this guy's name. He's a local realtor
Brittany Dingess: And
Brittany Dingess: So I and I tried to reach him and I have not gotten a call back or I messaged him on Facebook and I have not received a message or a call or anything.
Brittany Dingess: So I don't really know what the story is with with that.
Richelle Direny: Huh.
Richelle Direny: So, I mean, you just have to give it time because remember everything right now is
Richelle Direny: Everything right now with everything being on lockdown. If you send
Richelle Direny: Messages or anything like that.
Richelle Direny: But so if it's in a realtors name. That means that she was using
Richelle Direny: A real estate company to rent it out.
Brittany Dingess: Well, from what I understand from what I've been, this is just kind of hearsay. How much of it is accurate. She apparently was doing a rent to own that thing from this guy.
Brittany Dingess: And then his bike basically kind of like subletting the house out to us. Mm hmm. Um, I don't know how much she's paid in or how close. She is to being, you know, having it paid off and they only been in her nine. I'm not really been able to find out.
Brittany Dingess: A lot. But it does appraise I mean the house. It was appraised I think five or six years ago and it appraises for almost $100,000 so you know it's, it would be a good investment, but it still needs a lot of work done.
Brittany Dingess: Which I mean
Brittany Dingess: Where we just don't have the income really to just walk in and, you know, buy a house that doesn't need anything that's already halfway want it to come anyway so
Brittany Dingess: You know, I have always expected to put some work into it.
Brittany Dingess: And I just want to make sure that
Brittany Dingess: We're not gonna you know if she does all end up offering us the chance to buy it. I don't want to end up making a mistake, like, you know, legally and have something
Brittany Dingess: You know, weird going on.
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: I mean, it's something. It's definitely homework that you can, you know, to, to kind of see where things are where thats related. You know what that's concerned it's definitely something to look into, I would say.
Richelle Direny: In the at the same time.
Richelle Direny: Hold on, let me pull up yourself at the same time. You just have to decide if she wants you to move out. And she's trying to get you to move out. You have to look into.
Richelle Direny: You know what your options are. Do you want to buy it. Is it is it
Richelle Direny: Financially, is it a good thing for you guys to invest in it or buy it, knowing that it has the potentials
Richelle Direny: You know, is there any liens on it. You want to, I mean, and that's what a real estate attorney will do or. Yeah, real estate attorney, they will look into. Is there any liens. What is going on with the house. So it's something to definitely look into.
Richelle Direny: And doing everything, you know, all within the legal parameters that are there.
Brittany Dingess: I just
Brittany Dingess: All of the feedback. I've received, and this has been from people at the courthouse from police officers in this area has all been incredibly negative feedback just about of our landlord and her husband and how they
Brittany Dingess: Have a pattern of basically trying to
Brittany Dingess: You know,
Brittany Dingess: I mean to say it. Candidly, they just have a pattern. I'm trying to screw people out of their money.
Brittany Dingess: You know, any which way is that is possible. And I know that she's got a couple of civil lawsuits against her. So, you know, that's why I can't help but feel like she has a hidden agenda with it or she's about to
Brittany Dingess: Lose it or something's about to happen with it. But no, I
Brittany Dingess: I think if she offers to sell it to us. I would
Brittany Dingess: Ultimately prefer to try to get like an FHA loan or something so that we would owe the bank and not owe her
Brittany Dingess: Hey, you know, buying crap from her and
Richelle Direny: I know, I know. The nice thing with FHA and I real estate attorney or
Richelle Direny: What you call it will tell you this.
Richelle Direny: Was an FHA loan.
Richelle Direny: Is that they're because they're protecting their investment.
Richelle Direny: Their money.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: It's because it's because they're ultimately in protecting their investment there you're going to be protected from it as well because with FHA
Richelle Direny: Is that they're not going to allow the seller to sell them the property for more than it's worth.
Richelle Direny: Right. They're not going to allow the seller to sell something that needs a lot of work.
Richelle Direny: And then they're trying to basically sell you like what they say, with the car thing like a lemon. They're trying to sell you on home that it it has. So that's and they make you do. I think they make you to an inspection.
Richelle Direny: They make you do like
Richelle Direny: What is it called
Richelle Direny: Appraisal they make you do all this stuff because they want to ensure that these things are rectified before you sell the home. So let's say you do an inspection and the inspector comes out and they said hey listen. There's like $10,000 worth of work that needs to be done here.
Richelle Direny: FHA will tell you you need you need to do some Batman. Or you would have to come down $10,000 on your asking price.
Brittany Dingess: No, I mean I know like from what we can see. Structurally, it looks good. However,
Brittany Dingess: I mean termites and that kind of stuff are not always visible and this is the like structurally and the only thing that worries me is
Brittany Dingess: It's been probably like four or five years ago.
Brittany Dingess: The house was I think being rented to this elderly gentleman anyway drove his car into the end of the house. And essentially, I guess it like almost collapsed. So I had to dig out at one end of the house, like a huge ditch to go up under the house and put it on a deck, so
Brittany Dingess: That whole end of the house. Like it's, I mean, it's almost laughable. But it's kind of like it goes, kind of like it a slight angle. You know, like it's
Brittany Dingess: Not so noticeable when you're walking on it. But if you go to put like furniture in one of the back bedrooms, or something. That's pretty noticeable and
Brittany Dingess: I'm not ever like really I don't know too much about how that works to fix that.
Brittany Dingess: A husband, so that they'll have to jack up the end of the house and put it on like some kind of supports, but I mean what ultimately it ended up doing this House previously didn't have any kind of basement. Now it's got personal unfinished basement. They put that into the house up on
Brittany Dingess: cinderblock Foundation and the main floor support that goes through the whole house a bomb attack which, I mean, I don't know. I don't know if that will pass inspection or not. I'm not sure how like how that kind of stuff goes
Richelle Direny: That's what I'm saying. And that's if when you're when you're getting ready to buy a house.
Richelle Direny: That's what that will do
Richelle Direny: That's what the inspection does
Richelle Direny: You're in Tennessee. Right.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so that's what the inspection. The inspector will do. I mean, I know. I don't know if I would think that it would be the same or anywhere you go. But I know here in Florida. That's one of the reasons why you know
Richelle Direny: When you're doing when you're purchasing a home. I think it's elective the inspection. You don't have to
Richelle Direny: But a lot of people do inspection, you pay three $400 to get someone to come out and inspect your house. And the reason why they're doing that is that they're telling you all of the things
Richelle Direny: Because they're checking for termites, they're checking for all that stuff.
Richelle Direny: As it's related to your state, some of the things that are prevalent in that state and in homes or whatever they're checking for all of that.
Richelle Direny: So when they check all of that when they finish their report they send you a very detailed report on everything that they think that needs to be done.
Richelle Direny: Like here in Florida. One of the things that they talk. They tell you, like, for us it's imperative, like we have to have a cooling system we have to have your condition, we have to. There are certain essential that you need in your house like we don't need heating because, I mean,
Brittany Dingess: It never really gets to go
Richelle Direny: It doesn't get too cold, but you need you need cooling. You need central air because you will suffocate and die in these places. So, like, if, if, first of all, like for FHA
Richelle Direny: They would come in and they would say, hey, the air condition is old and it needs to be changed. And this is can't know. So the seller will have to change it or they will have to give you money towards it to get it changed. Um,
Richelle Direny: You know I know that's one thing that needs to be replaced here.
Brittany Dingess: Is the central heating air and there's no well there's like an inadequate insulation over part of the house. There's an attic there, you know, an attic, you can actually go up into
Brittany Dingess: But there's not adequate, or I guess maybe it's old. But anyway, so in the summertime, and part of the house was built the most of the house was built in like 1930 something. But then in the 70s, they built on this huge room was a fireplace and stuff. And that room has no
Brittany Dingess: Insulation it because it doesn't have an attic. It's like the exposed beams. You know, it's really pretty large cosmetically but in the summertime, it'll get 85 degrees in this room with the air conditioning on
Brittany Dingess: Because there's no insulation and there's eight windows and one room and I mean it's just, you know, I know that there's stuff that needs to be
Brittany Dingess: Done. But as far as putting insulation in this one room. I don't. I mean, it will take
Brittany Dingess: A lot of work.
Brittany Dingess: You have to put a ceiling in and
Brittany Dingess: So, and I know the H back system doesn't mean it's not like super old it works. It's just it struggles from top of
Richelle Direny: You know, to keep it like things like that.
Richelle Direny: Things like that, you would need to, um, you know, that's what FHA protects you from, um, so let's you know let's say in a specifically FHA because FHA, the bank won't sell you. So like again here essential items like you need
Richelle Direny: Zoom. You don't need a washer and dryer, but you need a stove in a refrigerator. You don't need a microwave. You don't need a dishwasher. But you need a stove in a refrigerator.
Richelle Direny: So if the house doesn't have these essential items they won't allow you to sell the house, unless you have these essential items that are working so
Richelle Direny: Like or running water or a water heater. So before you close on the loan. So these are the things. And so, towards the end of you closing on the house if let's say your water heater breaks down that stops the purchase of the house because now the seller has to fix it.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah. So like I think that happened to us want us were right before we close her home. They came to do a last the very last inspection.
Richelle Direny: And when they came to do the very last inspection the water heater went completely we they knew that it was it was going out, but it was still working.
Richelle Direny: But alas inspection that's stuck. I decided that it stopped working. It wasn't so then it stopped the purchase of the home. So now,
Richelle Direny: You have to get it fixed either you get it fixed or you sign something to say that you have x amount of time to get it fixed. After you sign
Richelle Direny: And once you got it fixed, then you have to provide it. So that's what I'm saying. Those are the investigation that you and your husband would have to look into if she wants to sell you. So it makes you if if your intuition is telling you hey there's something shady going on. Do your research.
Richelle Direny: Do your research to see if
Richelle Direny: If home ownership is best for you right now. And if it is, if this is where you want to stay. If it's not, then I'm not where you want to say you want to go somewhere else, then now taking that consideration. Do I continue renting renting or do I
Richelle Direny: Go into really thinking about home ownership. So at least doing your active research, keeping your mind busy so it doesn't stay focused on the fact that I'm
Richelle Direny: Staying focused on the fact that you don't have to
Richelle Direny: You're not overwhelming yourself with the fact that you're home not really doing a whole lot
Richelle Direny: Because hey, I might not be physically working but I'm thinking about by tomorrow and what my tomorrow is going to look like in terms of do we stay here and continue renting or look to purchase.
Richelle Direny: Or do we start looking to move. And what does that look like on the income that we currently have right now you understand
Brittany Dingess: I actually got a text message about 45 minutes ago from my work.
Brittany Dingess: And it just basically said, you know, hello. We hope everyone's doing well. But we're just letting y'all know that we're not going to be working the week of the 13th, because all the companies that we manufacture for still shut down so
Brittany Dingess: I like half of almost probably at least half of our plant manufacturers parts for Volkswagen and the Volkswagen plant and Chattanooga is furloughing everybody starting tomorrow.
Richelle Direny: Oh, wow.
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, and Nissan is another part of our plan that we make parts for and they just furlough 10,000 people in Tennessee and Mississippi
Brittany Dingess: And the really the only other parts of our plan is we make a few parts for Kenya and then like a few parts for Toyota
Brittany Dingess: And I think that's really about it.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, so I don't know what it's
Brittany Dingess: Amazing how it I guess it depends on, however long you know the people who were making parts for the plants that were making parts for say shut down.
Richelle Direny: But then, weren't you in healthcare. At one point, or one a school for health care or something of that nature.
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, I'm still I'm still in school around human services.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'm
Brittany Dingess: Supposed to be doing an internship at a counseling agency. The agency is closed down right now. So I actually, I just had a video call with my instructor for that class.
Brittany Dingess: I'm going to hour ago. And they're going to let us count.
Brittany Dingess: Like research papers and I had my agency supervisors and 40 hours worth of training on Telehealth and
Brittany Dingess: Suicide Prevention and and cognitive behavioral therapy and stuff.
Brittany Dingess: And they're going to let us count all of that towards our requirement for hours and then I'll also will also get incomplete. So hopefully when the agency starts to open back up. We can go in and get some direct contact again but
Richelle Direny: Now when you say when you say
Richelle Direny: When you say for
Richelle Direny: Human Services specifically what
Brittany Dingess: It is, it's a I've got a concentration in addiction to be
Brittany Dingess: A substance abuse counselor.
Richelle Direny: Oh, so you want to go into
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, this is just my this is just a bachelor's degree program. So I plan on getting my masters and
Brittany Dingess: I had originally thought psycho psychology, but
Brittany Dingess: I've been told by a lot of people that social work would be better.
Brittany Dingess: To get a masters degree in
Brittany Dingess: Oh, I'm not sure yet.
Richelle Direny: Instead of just a general psychology degree.
Richelle Direny: And it's a specialized it it's it's what
Brittany Dingess: I found there's some schools that offer there that are accredited schools that offer online master's degree programs and some really specific
Brittany Dingess: Areas. I actually found one that is like a specialized master's degree program in substance abuse counseling. So, I mean, I'm kind of leaning towards that. But
Brittany Dingess: I don't know.
Brittany Dingess: I mean i i don't like I don't know how
Brittany Dingess: If that would restrict me like the more specialized that are free is less people would hire me or you know what I mean. Because, like, if
Brittany Dingess: If I go and get a degree a master's in in something that's like incredibly targeted like that and then say I you know I can't find a job at any of the rehab facilities or something and don't have the money to open my own practice.
Brittany Dingess: You know, and I have to get on and like it if just like a regular counseling agency. I don't know how that would impact me
Brittany Dingess: It didn't lie.
Richelle Direny: It is very restricted when you're doing. So let's say you do addictions counselor, you're an addictions come. It's very specialized because the degree is very specialized suggests
Brittany Dingess: That Brett.
Richelle Direny: Course, everything is geared to just that, not to say
Richelle Direny: You, there are classes that you will share with someone who is in social worker or
Richelle Direny: A licensed counselor or I mean not can license count like marriage and family.
Brittany Dingess: Counseling. Yeah.
Brittany Dingess: That's a big one as well.
Richelle Direny: That not to say that lucky their courses that won't cross because you're expressing it. But eventually, so it's kind of like everybody starts off on their individual journey and at some point you merge.
Richelle Direny: You understand you emerge and then eventually you go back off.
Brittany Dingess: So that
Richelle Direny: Means that you
Richelle Direny: You know, if it is if you're just looking at human services at being in the helping profession. You can if you do something very general.
Richelle Direny: And you become licensed in something very general that general degree touches on all aspects of it. So then you're a little bit more marketable.
Brittany Dingess: Right.
Richelle Direny: General degree in comparison to the specialty. So for instance, like I'm a licensed social worker.
Brittany Dingess: Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: It's a general, it's an umbrella to everything else. So
Richelle Direny: Like a licensed a family counselor. That's very specific and edition. Right. You know, so it's a very specific
Richelle Direny: A mental health counselor is very specific your exams are also very specific
Richelle Direny: You understand. Whereas for me, I have to know everything.
Richelle Direny: When I
Brittany Dingess: Agency supervisor is she's
Brittany Dingess: She's got several like license stuff, but she's just like a licensed counselor, just like you know in general licensed counselor, but she's
Brittany Dingess: She, she also has more specialized stuff like marriage and family therapy and divorce recovery and like a whole bunch of other stuff, but
Richelle Direny: You can specialize in different things, but then
Richelle Direny: When it's all said and done,
Richelle Direny: Like I would be a little bit more marketable then a person who is just an addictions counselor who is just the marriage and licensed counselor.
Richelle Direny: Who just now. If I'm going after a job that's specific to license in marriage counseling where that's it's just couples counseling. If it's very specific to that, then that person with the degree would would
Richelle Direny: Will get it over me. But the difference is I would be the supervisor over all of it.
Brittany Dingess: And you can take Medicare, because only social workers last and social workers can take Medicare, which I didn't know until I started doing this internship, but they
Brittany Dingess: The my soup by agency supervisors husband is the office manager and he was
Brittany Dingess: He was an engineer at some point. So he's got like three computers set of an office and he has shown me like explain to me like all this stuff about how the insurance works and how to get in network with insurance and like all that stuff. So I did not. No one ever told me, the only
Brittany Dingess: Last and social workers could take Medicare but
Richelle Direny: I think in some states. In some states, they don't recognize some degrees.
Brittany Dingess: That's what I learned. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Like this. Yeah, you're some states that you have to be a licensed social worker you if you like to do, especially to do the individual counseling piece of it.
Richelle Direny: Is only the licensed social worker could do it because some states what the reimbursement won't go to. So, and when you're in school, honestly.
Richelle Direny: You know you speak with a counselor or what have you. I always say you have to do your own research.
Richelle Direny: Because no one tells you about, like, oh, if you specialize, then this is the limit to it in comparison to what is it, what are, what are your interests. What do you ultimately want to do because I am a licensed social worker, but
Richelle Direny: If I only want to focus and I only want to work in the field of addictions counseling, then that's my specialty. That's where I do all of my work.
Richelle Direny: But then if I want to do something else. If I want to come away from
Richelle Direny: Being an addictions counselor, then I can I have the experience in addictions counseling, but I want to do something different. I could just take my experience with addiction counselor or somewhere else.
Richelle Direny: You understand. So that's kind of the nice piece about being to do the social work aspect of it because the social worker when you're taking that that national exam I have to know your stuff. I have to know that person. So I have to know everybody stuff.
Richelle Direny: And that's how my test is geared because it's it's it's general to everyone stuff, whereas each specialty their exam is only geared towards that one thing where I have to know everybody stuff and I'm the only one I think I can supervise everyone but everybody can supervise me
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, I've noticed a lot of the schools that offer online master's degree programs are out of state and I've noticed that
Brittany Dingess: Like different states will have different degree programs and some of them I have wondered. I mean, you know, okay, well, it's an accredited school, but I just
Brittany Dingess: Because like some of these degree programs. I've not ever even heard of. And I'm like, I can find in that, you know, like 30 degrees master's program only
Brittany Dingess: Not everyone would honor, you know, not every state would honor
Brittany Dingess: I think it's in Illinois or Indiana, it's online school
Brittany Dingess: And they have some like incredibly specific
Brittany Dingess: Degree program. I'm like a whole bunch of different
Brittany Dingess: You know, different things, but
Richelle Direny: That is true. Everything every state because and that's another thing, um,
Richelle Direny: I can get licensed in multiple states be so and so in your schooling, you have to ensure that the school that you're getting your degree from
Richelle Direny: Allows you to be able to words transferable. That's because that's the thing. It has to be transferable. There are certain coursework that you do.
Richelle Direny: That like I think with all of the coursework. I did I was able to go to all the different states and be licensed
Richelle Direny: Were some state may require that I go back to school like one of the states, they're a little more ridiculous California requires that I go back to school. And I'm not trying to do that.
Richelle Direny: So then I gotta go back to school for a minute, and I'm not even trying to do that. So, um, so there are some states, but you. You just have to really when you're when you're
Richelle Direny: Determining what you know if you're doing your bachelor's or your masters, you have to determine if this particular school and whatever they whatever they're offering their degree program. You have to look is it transferable to anything. Um, is it
Richelle Direny: When it comes on to becoming licensed eventually will. What is it accredited. So you have to look into all of that. You can't just go with what
Richelle Direny: You have to do your research. Ultimately, yeah, you can just do whatever the one person tells you, you really have to do your research and looking at all. That is, you know,
Richelle Direny: Is it going to benefit me or am I going to, it's going to require that later on. I have to go back to school because even the older you get. You're not trying to go bust your brains.
Brittany Dingess: I've managed I enrolled, the school. I'm getting my bachelor's degree program is the University of Phoenix and a couple years ago, they actually told us that they might suddenly become
Brittany Dingess: Like non accredited
Brittany Dingess: But that didn't happen. So like they're still accredited and I had heard of them. A lot of the time, but I enrolled in 2014
Brittany Dingess: For four and a half year degree program and there's because I've had so many surgeries and just different things happen.
Brittany Dingess: Since I enrolled and I had to take several leaves of absence and stuff I've managed to turn a four and a half year degree program into like a seven and a half.
Brittany Dingess: year degree program because just, I mean stuff will happen. You know, I've had, I've had four surgeries in the last four of four years alone.
Brittany Dingess: So my name is but like some of the schools that offer
Brittany Dingess: Master's degree programs. I've heard of like their brick. You know, like brick and mortar.
Brittany Dingess: Universities that just have online.
Brittany Dingess: My you know programs now. So that's what I'm trying to do is find a university that
Brittany Dingess: You know I'm familiar with like reputation wise and that kind of thing.
Brittany Dingess: Something that's maybe like a little more recognizable that actually has a physical campus and stuff, even though it may be out of state because I feel like doing an online program from a better known or like a more respected school would
Brittany Dingess: You know, be better off in the future. I know, like a lot of people make fun of University of Phoenix because it's like the school that anybody can get accepted to
Brittany Dingess: A
Richelle Direny: Degree from them.
Brittany Dingess: That's, yeah. That's who I'm with now so
Richelle Direny: They're in their stuff is accredited. I don't know what people
Brittany Dingess: Good.
Brittany Dingess: People, but I am people make fun of them. And I'm like, I mean, I
Brittany Dingess: Everything I've done and this is my, this is my last year with them. I mean, it's always been really thorough, I feel like it's, you know, I've been really good.
Brittany Dingess: With
Richelle Direny: The University of Phoenix cuz I did it. I didn't do it online. I did it.
Richelle Direny: I did it on ground here in Florida, because they have like the satellite satellite
Brittany Dingess: So they have the have to near kind of near means like an hour to each one ones in Knoxville ones in Chattanooga, but I wanted to go to one of the physical ones, but they didn't offer the Human Services program on like you know on in person.
Brittany Dingess: I don't know. I think they only do nursing stuff in.
Brittany Dingess: Person here.
Richelle Direny: Oh, they
Brittany Dingess: Sing in like education or something, maybe
Brittany Dingess: They don't offer much in person here.
They
Richelle Direny: I think they're legit and I mean when it's all said and done, I mean I got my bachelor's from them.
Richelle Direny: And everything I did with them was transferable to a regular university to get my masters everything. So, you know, at the end of the day, people can say they can make fun of them. But hey, I got a job, don't
Richelle Direny: Have a degree don't
Richelle Direny: Nobody cares what university you went to, as long as you have the credentials to show that I am certified. I have a degree in it.
Brittany Dingess: And I mean, I still. I mean, I maintain like my GPA.
Brittany Dingess: Is like three on almost a 3.5 so I mean it. You know, I've always done well all through up until I graduated high school, I always had 4.0 GPA.
Brittany Dingess: Hmm. And I actually went to the University of Tennessee right out of high school.
Brittany Dingess: I wanted to be a medical examiner
Richelle Direny: Oh, yes, yes.
Brittany Dingess: Under index and I ended up having a bunch of health problems and I lost my scholarship and all that. But I learned really quick in college when I went to the University of Tennessee that
Brittany Dingess: I mean it was just not really stick to keep a 4.0 GPA anymore. I mean it. You know, I was, I had to work too. So like I was working full time and try and go to school full time during the day and I mean it just, you know, my GPA never dropped below, like a 3.2
Richelle Direny: Well, unless oh what it see. So now this is where
Richelle Direny: Your cognition. It's what what was important to you, having the GPA or actually understanding what it is that you were doing.
Richelle Direny: Knowing the work, understanding the work being able to apply the work, or are you just stressing yourself just watching the GPA, the grade point average because
Richelle Direny: You can have the grade point average you can help you can have a 5.0 and you come out and I asked you a question. You're like, I don't know, I just did to get a grade.
Richelle Direny: You see what I'm saying.
Richelle Direny: Do you want to know that your counselor had a 4.0 GPA or that your counselor, actually, um,
Richelle Direny: Love and wants to help you on wants to work with you and know what the heck, man. It is that they're
Doing
Richelle Direny: Oh my doctor, he went to hell, man. He graduated Kumar. What is it cool whatever these all
Richelle Direny: You understand, he was the valedictorian and he did this and he did that. But he has no bedside manner that when you have a conversation to him. He can't break it down into layman's terms for me to understand
Richelle Direny: What you understand what is more important to you, the GPA or knowing what he achieved in school or knowing that when I go to see him that he actually cares
Richelle Direny: That he actually is doing his best to educate me on whatever it is that I'm coming to the end with and he is going to provide me with the care and assistance that I need. And I'm not just going to be another number
Richelle Direny: And what
Brittany Dingess: What got me started.
Brittany Dingess: WITH HUMAN SERVICES IS I wanted to learn how to relate all of my life experience into like a legitimate way.
Brittany Dingess: To benefit other people because I know that a lot of people that go through addiction go through a lot of similar situations that I have been through like being homeless sexual assaults, you know, just different things and
Brittany Dingess: You know, I, I went through like that whole cycle for so many years.
Brittany Dingess: I feel like if I didn't try to use it to help somebody you know now that I have kind of came out on the other side, and it would all be in vain. I mean, it would all be for nothing, you know,
Brittany Dingess: I struggle.
Brittany Dingess: For all those years for nothing. But if I can help. I mean, not people that like after I when I first started on Suboxone
Brittany Dingess: Almost five years ago.
Brittany Dingess: People would like people that are worked with and you know there's people that knew me that knew that I was trying to get
Brittany Dingess: Clean and trying to you know that I got back in school and I was trying to do better.
Brittany Dingess: Would come to me and I would still end up counseling them. You know what I mean like unofficially but it's just, I've always kind of been that person that people call in the middle of the night or, you know, the people have always feel comfortable talking to
Brittany Dingess: Me because
Brittany Dingess: You know i mean i'm
Richelle Direny: You're doing it from a judge the non judgmental stance, you're
Richelle Direny: Empathetic fans, you're doing it from I've had the experience. So I know
Richelle Direny: At least from based on my experience. I understand. I mean, I know exactly what you're feeling. I know how I was feeling
Richelle Direny: I but I understand the feelings. I understand your responses, I understand, because it was the same way when I went through it. Now, as a counselor, you're not gonna
Richelle Direny: Even though you experienced that you're not going to necessarily impose what you went through and say, Hey, do it. Everybody every situation is very different. How you respond to something is very different.
Richelle Direny: But you definitely go from non judgmental stands, whether you experienced it, or you didn't, you shouldn't be judgmental because
Richelle Direny: To help the person to under to say, Hey, it's okay. It happened. It's not okay that it happened, but it happened. Now how are we, how can we work together to help you get through it.
Richelle Direny: For it so that whatever happened to you doesn't change you who you become, it doesn't define who you are.
Richelle Direny: And it doesn't impact your tomorrow and the impact that it will have one. So, tomorrow is just kind of how you may be looking deal with situations in the emotions that comes with it. The trauma, so
Richelle Direny: You know your experiences and I think it with everyone you know all you're doing the law of the land says that you need a piece of paper, I need this piece of paper to help you.
Richelle Direny: That's what the law of the land says, So you already have your gift you already have your life experiences that you went through that were unique to you, to help you, which has mold you to
Richelle Direny: Be able to help those identified people that you will come in contact with. So you already have it within you. You already have your rights to do what you do the law of the land just says you need to go get this in order to prove that you can go help someone
Richelle Direny: Understand and because we have suing people. The law of this piece of paper just kind of protects you to some degree.
Brittany Dingess: To help me do
Richelle Direny: You understand because through through your, your, your, your
Richelle Direny: Through your studies, you will learn to that you can't be your friends counselor can
Brittany Dingess: Right.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: But you have to, you have to understand
Richelle Direny: So, in order, you went through what you went through in order for you to be able to go out there to be able to help others. You have to not understand.
Richelle Direny: Your own anxieties your own triggers. How does your trauma feed your anxieties your past trauma. How does that feature anxiety. Um, how does your life circumstances and situations and everything that you've been through, how has
Richelle Direny: How were those things a trigger to anxiety to depression that led to your drug addiction.
Richelle Direny: The choices that you've made in life and where you are today.
Richelle Direny: through everything that you've went through.
Richelle Direny: You're now in that place where for you in counseling whether group or individual is for you to
Richelle Direny: Understand how does your emotions affect how you think and how does your thought process affect how you respond to everything.
Richelle Direny: So it's like cognitive behavioral therapies all about your thoughts. How does that
Richelle Direny: Interact and how does that produces a reaction. So through counseling, you're going to learn that
Richelle Direny: You'll read it in books, they'll tell you from other people's perspective and understanding their studies. But now you've lived it. You were living in
Richelle Direny: Your living it through all of the experience you've went through life. Now you're you're now starting to your own it, you accept that it did happen.
Richelle Direny: But now you're trying to understand how
Richelle Direny: How do I respond to all of this. How does my my anxiety triggers my addiction or my need to use
Richelle Direny: How does my anxiety or my depression or my PTSD. How does that
Richelle Direny: How did I use the drugs to numb or to stop me from feeling or to drown out those thoughts.
Richelle Direny: How did all of that, like, how did they all work together and how was I able to get through it. What are the things that I did.
Richelle Direny: How do I understand what coping skills are, and how do I apply it to each and every situation that I encounter.
Richelle Direny: Those are all the things that you're going to, you're, you're learning
Richelle Direny: You're teaching yourself. Ultimately, so that you can get to that place where you go out there to be able to assist someone else.
Brittany Dingess: I'm flying it. I mean, it's
Brittany Dingess: It's taken me up until fairly recently to realize
Brittany Dingess: Like the sexual assaults I'd always thought, you know, I mean, I knew that it happened.
Brittany Dingess: I knew there wasn't anything I can do to change it and I knew that it wasn't my fault. So like for years. I thought that it didn't affect me at all.
Brittany Dingess: But I mean, and it's been fairly recently that I've realized
Brittany Dingess: That it doesn't really affect me on a conscious level as much as it does subconsciously is being like fearful people and I don't like to be around new people or
Brittany Dingess: You know, like around groups of people. I just feel very distressing and then the thing that really set off the PTSD.
Brittany Dingess: In October 2018 I took my dog out for a walk, and my
Brittany Dingess: My female dog and myself got attacked by to stray dogs. So I mean she lived but I mean they tore her apart and they beat me pull me down the side of a mountain.
Brittany Dingess: So since that happen and then it wasn't what happened to me so much as seeing what was happening to her and not being able to find them all. I finally claw my way back up to the house and be on the bedroom window.
Brittany Dingess: My husband was asleep, because he work third shift at the time. And he came out and he had to kill both the dogs to get him off of our dough, but
Brittany Dingess: So from like from that day forward.
Brittany Dingess: I don't sleep in the bedroom, I sleep in the living room because I feel like if I go into the bedroom where it's nice and quiet and everything.
Brittany Dingess: Something will happen in the house and I want here and like won't be aware of it and I've known that I mean I'm known that that is a big part of like what triggered really triggered the PTSD, but
Brittany Dingess: Why it. Mm.
Brittany Dingess: Hmm.
The quietness.
Brittany Dingess: Well, and that and I mean it even before the dog attack happened though I
Brittany Dingess: For a few years now, from time to time, I'll have like not I guess they're like night terrors. I don't remember dreaming anything but I'll scream and fight and curse in my sleep and stuff. And I had somebody point out
Brittany Dingess: And
Brittany Dingess: I hadn't been that long ago it was last year sometime I had somebody point out that it was probably, probably got something to do with those assault and it's just, you know, I mean, it's like so consciously and I don't remember dreaming anything
Brittany Dingess: But my husband or wake me up. I made an album, or sometimes I wake myself up because I'll just be screaming and like
Brittany Dingess: Fighting against something
Richelle Direny: During the assaults, did you find that if you can remember. Did you dissociate.
Brittany Dingess: Well,
Brittany Dingess: Both times I actually got drug like kind of like Ruthie, I guess.
Brittany Dingess: One, I remember. Still, the other one I don't really remember at all, but the one that I can remember bits and pieces of I did try to fight back, and then
Brittany Dingess: The. It was the guy that I was dating at the time was actually the guy that drugged me,
Brittany Dingess: He took me so that he could steal. He wanted to steal my car, my credit card. So he took me after he drugged me, and I passed out. He took me to another guy's house.
Brittany Dingess: And then stole my car, my credit card when the guy sexually assaulted me with his girlfriend layer, which I mean I can remember her looking through the bedroom door, and I was trying to, you know, like I was so out of and I didn't really fully understand at the time I was happening.
Brittany Dingess: You know, like that. And I didn't, I didn't know how I got there, I didn't know, really, you know, other than like exactly in the moment. What was going on because I was
Brittany Dingess: Just so out of it, but then to make it even worse.
Brittany Dingess: The guy that I was dating came back to pick me up.
Brittany Dingess: And had told the guy that assaulted me that I was
Brittany Dingess: That I was like working with the cops to burst people that were selling drugs. So anyway, when I finally kind of came to I was tied to a chair with the gun to my head.
Brittany Dingess: Because the guy thought that I was gonna turn me into the car i don't know what i mean i don't know and I was just, you know, it was so much happening so fast.
Brittany Dingess: And i mean i
Brittany Dingess: I don't even. I don't know how I didn't die just from the overdose, he drugged me was Zyprexa
Brittany Dingess: The
Brittany Dingess: Medicine. I was on for the
Brittany Dingess: Bipolar Disorder, they put it in. I don't know how many it was Zyprexa as artists like the dissolvable ones.
Brittany Dingess: That control that.
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, and he i had i mean i was prescribed them.
Brittany Dingess: Even one would knock me out. Like I would sleep for 12 hours if I just took one barely and I actually learned this from somebody else that was there and
Brittany Dingess: The guy that I was dating was the only one that knew where I hit my medicine which was down in the wheel wheel and the trunk of my car underneath my spare tire because I didn't want anybody to steal them are getting to them.
Brittany Dingess: And take them and have something bad happen. You know, so I'm the guy that I was dating tried to blame it on our friend that was there.
Brittany Dingess: And the friend ended up finally come unto me. A few months later, until on me. You know what
Brittany Dingess: He's the one that did this, you know, I don't know how many pills. He gave anybody crushed him. We had order pizza.
Brittany Dingess: And we got to deliver Mountain Dew. I guess I went to the bathroom or something came back, he had crushed a bunch of them up and put them in my dream and I made in the next thing I know, it was 18 hours later, when I was finally fully waking up so
Brittany Dingess: You know, I don't, I don't know.
Brittany Dingess: And I think from what I can remember. You know, I knew that I was being assaulted. I didn't act you know couldn't quite piece together like what it meant. You know, I couldn't. I could barely I didn't know where I was at. I didn't know
Brittany Dingess: How I got there, you know, I didn't know what do I mean I didn't know really anything. I was just so driven, but I do remember happening and I think I did kind of just
Brittany Dingess: Pretend like you know I wasn't
Brittany Dingess: There for the longest
Richelle Direny: You dissociated
Brittany Dingess: I think, and I definitely feel that I did, you know, as I
Brittany Dingess: Fully regained consciousness and could remember more and started kind of peace and more and more together.
Brittany Dingess: I just kind of blew it off. Always and was like, well, I mean, I know that it's not my fault. I never blamed myself.
Brittany Dingess: For it happening even though I was hanging around. I mean, I was hanging out with the wrong people, but I didn't drove myself. I didn't take myself there I you know I mean it wasn't my fault.
Richelle Direny: But when you say, but when you so you said that you like, you know, of course. And for anyone that's assaulted. It's never their fault that
Richelle Direny: Says, Hey,
Richelle Direny: You know, can you do this for me.
Richelle Direny: It's never your fault, but you're saying that having those experiences that night terrors and now. And then what happened to the dog. How can you correlate like your, what happened to you.
Richelle Direny: And even with your because you specifically decided with you and then your female dog with these two stray dogs that did that in that moment, feeling helpless.
Richelle Direny: When that moment of silence of everything going on. Did it give you a flashback of everything that happened to you and then is that part of the reason why you don't sleep in the bedroom.
Brittany Dingess: Didn't immediately do that. But after
Brittany Dingess: I may not, you know, my main concern.
Brittany Dingess: Like the day the dog attack happened was just trying to make sure she was going to survive and realizing and appreciating the fact that she had just saved my life because I'm you know it was two straight pit bulls and I had my
Brittany Dingess: My male dog out and they didn't bother him. I mean, they tore her apart and
Brittany Dingess: So the first day and all night. That night I was just focused on. I mean, I went to the hospital led to stitch me. I wanted to leave you know I wanted to go be with her so
Brittany Dingess: Once we got her to her bit that morning. The next. Well, we took her to the emergency, but they said that she would leave nothing bottles damage. I stayed up with her online.
Brittany Dingess: But I'd say over over like the next few days and
Brittany Dingess: I did. I mean, I started to think about. Like other times similar times where I was helpless, you know, trying to find something off and how
Brittany Dingess: You know, just like whether literally or, you know, metaphorically being torn apart like how it affected me and
Brittany Dingess: When I first stop sleeping in the bedroom, I made excuses. You know, like how she hadn't have emergency surgery and stuff. So like I was trying to legitimately trying to stay and watch over you know where she was at being there with her and then it just
Brittany Dingess: I mean I guess I realized that I felt more comfortable being where I could feel like I was probably, you know, for me, like properly keeping an eye on things and I don't
Brittany Dingess: It's not like I know that
Brittany Dingess: There's, you know, not going to be stray dogs like breaking their house and attack anybody you know i mean i just
Brittany Dingess: I knew that a lot of it was not probably rational that I feel that way, but it's just where I suddenly found myself more comfortable feeling like I could
Brittany Dingess: Just monitor everything like that hyper vigilance and that's when I really it and it took you know i'd say to
Brittany Dingess: My husband. I actually noticed it first, because any little sound like you know anything bite. I was up and I had even told him, I said, You know, I wouldn't be surprised if I developed some
Brittany Dingess: PTSD symptoms from this just from, you know, like it was so much as
Richelle Direny: Well, you know, so 50% comes from the dog attack.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, which is already there.
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, and that's what
Richelle Direny: The, the, the situation with the dog.
Richelle Direny: Just fed into
Richelle Direny: It was like more things being added to your trauma. So it's like I already have PTSD. So here it is. And then as you associate because when you're talking my mind started thinking about did part of this make you
Richelle Direny: Added a tool or fed into how you felt about males because here it is that males were the ones that attack you.
Richelle Direny: You had a female and a male dog and these male dogs attacks your female dogs. So it's just like feeding into your already pre existing thoughts or feelings towards maybe a particular gender.
Richelle Direny: The trauma of what happened to the dog already felt fed into the trump the trump the trauma that you've already experienced in life.
Richelle Direny: And that feeling of helplessness that feeling of someone taking your power and control away from you. So even if trauma happened to someone that you don't know
Richelle Direny: Whatever that trauma is that occurred with that person. It's going to mirror the trauma that you've already felt. And so it just feeds into in solidify whatever thoughts and feelings that you're having about a particular thing a particular gender a particular situation.
Richelle Direny: So even if you're trying to come out of or work through those issues.
Richelle Direny: Something just happened or you heard something happen to someone it further confirms how you're already feeling and thinking. So it's like, how dare you. Now, think you can get healed from this. Let me show you that you can. And now I'm going to
Richelle Direny: I'm going to reintroduce or something else is going to mirror it so it's for you to learn that no one
Richelle Direny: Can take the power they think they can take power and control away from me.
Richelle Direny: I'm only as powerful as you allow me to be
Richelle Direny: You understand that concept.
Richelle Direny: I'm only as I'm not that powerful, but you can make me powerful by making me think and feel that I have that power and control away from me for over you.
Richelle Direny: So a person is only as powerful so you the situation of your trauma has already been there. This is not now.
Richelle Direny: I got PTSD number to know your PTSD is already your PTSD. It's just different things. It feeds into it. So it just reminds you did. I am I really healing from the trauma or if everything just feeds into my unresolved.
Richelle Direny: Trauma that I've experienced
Brittany Dingess: It wasn't until probably
Brittany Dingess: I don't know, maybe four, six weeks after the dog attack that I really started to piece together everything over the last, you know, nine or 10 years that had happened, and the pattern that I was seeing like with my responses to different situations and the dog attack was like
Brittany Dingess: I knew it was different in. I mean, it did. It did involve me, but it was just a different type of
Brittany Dingess: Different like a different type of tangible trauma. You know what I mean, like,
Brittany Dingess: I guess it would be something I would like into like a bad car wreck versus a sexual assault. I mean, it's the same like it kind of causes the same thing, but
Richelle Direny: The same time
Richelle Direny: It's just, it's just packaged differently, but it's the
Brittany Dingess: Same right that's what I'm. That's what I'm trying to say. So I mean it's
Brittany Dingess: What has happened now is where i mean i used to when I was, you know, like late teens, early 20s, I was incredibly emotional like I would cry. I mean, I was, I was pretty much all I guess.
Brittany Dingess: All my doctors back then would say like I was textbook bipolar with the highs and the lows and everything.
Brittany Dingess: And over the years. I kind of flattened out like where I didn't really have the highs, but I had a lot of lows and I would cry lot since the dog attack. Nothing bothers me. And I know that it's not because nothing actually bothers me but
Brittany Dingess: You know, it's like a response to the trauma to try to
Brittany Dingess: Not just not feel
Brittany Dingess: You know, that way I you know I didn't like
Brittany Dingess: Have a totally a
Brittany Dingess: Like a pathetic towards and I mean I feel empathy for other people, but like for me for saying oh thing situations like personal situations like I don't cry. I don't yell. I don't get upset.
Brittany Dingess: And you know i'm not i don't i mean i
Brittany Dingess: It's not because I don't think I don't feel that way anymore. Like I'll feel it in my head, but it just doesn't you
Richelle Direny: Numb yourself. So when the
Richelle Direny: Trauma happens
Richelle Direny: It's almost like you go into immediate shock.
Richelle Direny: And when you, when I
Richelle Direny: Nominate you disassociate from it. It's like, like you want to feel, but you don't. So it's almost like you said your physiological response to the trauma.
Richelle Direny: And it's perfected because every trauma. That's it. All your traumas are packaged differently. So it just goes back to the original one.
Richelle Direny: What you have not. You haven't begun the work to process that and work through it and learning healthier ways to deal with the trouble Urkel through kids because you can get over stuff.
Richelle Direny: How to work through it, how to get through it.
Richelle Direny: How to effectively get through it in a healthy way where it's not continuing to affect you and you're right over time you'll find that anything that you go through
Richelle Direny: Or you experience.
Richelle Direny: It's not it doesn't stay in your, your, your sub. It doesn't stay in your president. It's not in present consciousness.
Richelle Direny: To practice.
Richelle Direny: So the things that we do, how we respond to something
Richelle Direny: I could say something to you.
Richelle Direny: And it will trigger you and you're like, why did I respond to her that way. And if you really stop and think it's something that I said in the way I said it in how I said it that that it was it was it's related or to link to the trauma. So like, even when you said the the when the
Richelle Direny: Guy quit as quoted you
Richelle Direny: The woman was standing there, she was peeking through the door. So like you could be in your room. And if I kind of have cracked the door and look in there, it will startle you.
Richelle Direny: And you will have a response. And then you're screaming and yelling at me and I'm like, why are you responding like that. I was just looking in.
Richelle Direny: It's because it reminded you of what that lady did while you were being assaulted. This is what she did. So it's, it's always a starch reminder
Richelle Direny: And it's just like you don't understand it because it's so far back in your subconscious that you don't realize that your reaction is to something that happened a long time ago and
Brittany Dingess: You know, I've never hid the fact that I was assaulted. I mean, it happened, you know, and I've mentioned it to other counselors and stuff. It was kind of always like that. I asked me.
Brittany Dingess: And I answer honestly. And so, you know, yes, this happened. And this is what happened. And then they were asked me if I felt like it had affected me and I would always say, well, I mean, I don't, you know, I don't think so. It doesn't seem too because
Brittany Dingess: I mean, I guess part of me didn't want it to have affected me
Brittany Dingess: And this was before I understood more about like about PTSD and stuff.
Brittany Dingess: So, you know, I just, and I mean I don't know the part of male generally didn't think that it affects me because it didn't affect me the way I thought it should. I like how you know women that are assaulted sometimes will
Brittany Dingess: You know, not be able to like be, you know, in an intimate like sexual relationship with a man. And there's different things, because it didn't affect me. That way I feel I assume that it hasn't affected me at all.
Brittany Dingess: But now that I have. I think that the dog attack kind of made me revisit things. It was just, you know, like you said, like the helplessness and not being able to fight an attacker off.
Brittany Dingess: As you know, kind of made me consciously Revisited and really think about the breakdown of it's been this year will be
Brittany Dingess: 11 years since the first one after the other one. I don't remember at all. Somebody had slipped me a bunch of Xanax and I mean I don't remember it at all. I wouldn't have even though
Brittany Dingess: It can happen had the person that did it to me, not in told me about it like
Richelle Direny: Several months later, you're unconscious
Brittany Dingess: As it will. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean, I don't, I don't know that.
Brittany Dingess: If that has bothered me or not because I literally don't remember. I mean, I remember when I was at a party, but
Richelle Direny: The thought of it is going to bother you, whatever the details of it. It's not going to bother you, because you don't know it because your contract.
Richelle Direny: But the thought of this. This was another thing that it's the thought. And so with the thought, your brain will create a whole bunch of things that might be false, simply because
Richelle Direny: You only remember from from A to B, but from detail all the way to Z, you're not going to know because you weren't there you meant you weren't
Richelle Direny: So you're only going to remember this is so for you. Your hyper vigilance is because of the thing that you remembered leading up to the assault that you are told about or your I hypervigilance will be no I don't want you as a matter of fact, I don't pour me on anything until I get that.
Brittany Dingess: And I have been that way for a long time, really. I mean, my grandma always warned me not to let people pour me drinks and stuff. So after the first assault.
Brittany Dingess: You know I never ever told anyone where my medicine was like I would hide everything I would
Brittany Dingess: Always. You know, for my own drinks like I would, you know, and then I after the second one happen because apparently I mean I consciously took one day.
Brittany Dingess: Knowing that I had a low tolerance, because I was having a panic attack and it was good. I thought, yeah, well the friends that gave me the Xanax of the first one. We're good friends of mine.
Brittany Dingess: So I took a Xanax, I live down in their front porch swing and then apparently the friend that assaulted me
Brittany Dingess: fed me like six or seven more
Brittany Dingess: After the first one had already made me
Richelle Direny: Out of loopy
Richelle Direny: That's what you told right hold
Richelle Direny: So now what ultimately. So when you say, well, it doesn't affect me what it affected is your ability to trust.
Richelle Direny: Brent so it doesn't just affect your, your ability to trust, maybe a friend, it affected your ability to trust anyone around you.
Richelle Direny: And so now, because your trust was taken your ability to trust people were taken away from you. So now you're gonna look at everybody sideways down to your very husband, you're going to look at sideways because of what occurred because of what you were told not what you know.
Richelle Direny: It's what bold. So the reality is this person says, oh, He crushed six or seven Xanax, when in reality he may have just crushed one on top of the one you already told
Brittany Dingess: And because again.
Richelle Direny: So now just the mere idea of someone did something to you when you were not aware of it. Now, it's not a matter of so much. Yes, I was told I was assaulted. I don't remember it.
Richelle Direny: All I know was that someone did this to me. And so now it confirmed. I don't know. It's not that I don't trust, men. I don't trust anyone because this is what they did to me now. I'm not so sure about having plenty friends because these were my friends. And this is what they did to me.
Richelle Direny: So now you're thinking about, Oh, it didn't affect me. Because what society. What we see publicize on TV. Is that a person who is sexually assaulted either their premise skew is either they hate men.
Richelle Direny: Either they become this
Richelle Direny: And they become that. So, because you're not doing any of that you think that it didn't bother you. Okay. Well, at what point did you become an addict. Was it before or after the trauma. Well, that's one way it affected you
Richelle Direny: Do you not trust people. No, I don't really trust people and I really understand what because of the fact that you went through this trauma.
Richelle Direny: Do you find yourself that silence bothers you. Yeah, well, could it be because of this. So we, in our minds, we create in our minds, based on what we see in here.
Richelle Direny: We have these expectations of how things should bother us. And when it doesn't bother us, then we say no it didn't affect me but yes it did.
Richelle Direny: And these are all the ways that it's affecting you. Well, I don't really like anybody walking up so even thinking about your spouse.
Richelle Direny: If during intimacy. THERE'S SOMETHING THAT YOU DON'T WANT TO HIM TO DO to you during intimacy, it's because of it reminds you
Richelle Direny: Of maybe what this individual does to you. So now, it affects your, your intimacy.
Richelle Direny: So you have to think about. There is so many other things. If your husband tries to do a certain things and it makes your living skin crawl.
Richelle Direny: It's because of what happened to you and it's a reminder. So it's kind of like you associate if he comes and he kisses you on your cheek and he whispers in your ear.
Richelle Direny: And you you're repulsed by it. It's because maybe it reminds you of the trauma of what the person did to you and you're thinking, well, I don't remember it.
Richelle Direny: Well, if that maybe there was something during that trauma that that person, even though you dissociated at the time.
Richelle Direny: That it was happening to you. These are the physiological responses to the trauma. And so, now is the time where you have to really kind of peel it back by like a banana and say, how is this. Now, I'm not saying every single thing you go through is related specifically to the trauma.
Brittany Dingess: Right.
Richelle Direny: But it's a byproduct of it all.
Brittany Dingess: But it's and it's, I mean I this definitely um it's affected a lot more than I had ever realized until recently, and it's
Brittany Dingess: The effects from it, have gone on for so long that I mean it's just kind of become I've become like a custom to
Brittany Dingess: You know, be I you know I just always
Brittany Dingess: Thought that I was like a person that didn't trust, many, many people
Brittany Dingess: But as I get older, it's getting. I mean, it's getting worse. It's as I get older I want it to be around less and less less less people were like, I don't really have friends I don't go hang out with anybody.
Brittany Dingess: You know, I don't really like to go to other people's houses and it's not that I, you know, and it'll, you know, I'll go like two families houses or something like that. But it's just
Brittany Dingess: It's finally gotten, I guess, to the point where
Brittany Dingess: It's
Brittany Dingess: Changing my life a lot more than I would like it to. And I feel like it's
Brittany Dingess: Taking more power away from me than I'm comfortable with.
Brittany Dingess: Exam responding to it in a way that I mean even I feel is extreme and irrational.
Brittany Dingess: And you know I
Brittany Dingess: You know, I know. Like some vigilance is healthy.
Richelle Direny: Too much of anything. It's not good.
Brittany Dingess: But right and it's it's getting its getting extreme to the point where it's, you know, isolate a lot isolate at home, you know, I go to work. There might be one or two people that I talked to
Brittany Dingess: But that's it. You know, I don't talk to people on the phone, other than like my, you know, my mom and my grandma and I'm just
Brittany Dingess: I'm home all the time because I'm constantly wondering, you know, like feeling like something bad's gonna happen and wondering you know what's gonna happen.
Richelle Direny: And what's gonna so it's it's it's one thing to be aware of everything. It's what it's another to connect it all. Now the question is,
Richelle Direny: Working. How are you working and in through therapy. You can't do it all in one session. It's continuous if you're working through, how can I learn to reach trust again. Now granted, you can't put all your trust in anybody
Richelle Direny: I run, you can't because humans are humans and they're likely to do things.
Richelle Direny: But how can you start trusting again and part of how you learn to read trust again it's first of all being
Richelle Direny: More
Richelle Direny: Deserving discerning of the people that you befriend
Richelle Direny: Being more
Richelle Direny: I don't want to say open bought what being more, a little bit more analytical, in what is this person all about
Richelle Direny: Yet is is is this person befriending me. You know, is there. Now you don't want to overthink it. At the same time, but you also want to be mindful of, you know,
Richelle Direny: Is there a motive, like what is it like I and I learned to myself not to say that I've ever gone through anything like that, to that extent, or, if any, but I've learned even in in identifying friends.
Richelle Direny: And even given that title is Frank because everybody interfering. Um, I started recognizing little things that what they would do or how they would reach out
Richelle Direny: And just kind of the pureness of it. And then I started realizing the people who were really for me are the ones that I really didn't give much attention to
Richelle Direny: Or the people because maybe they didn't fit a particular description of what I think a friend should look like.
Richelle Direny: And how they should respond because they didn't fit that bill, it's so I put them off to the side. When the reality is, those were really truly my friends like a nerd is a good friend, a half. I mean, you know, they don't really care about certain things.
Richelle Direny: But it's it's it's really just being a little bit more insightful and just being more aware and more discerning of the people who you're letting in
Richelle Direny: And what is your idea of what you think a friend should look like and how they should respond to you and how they should talk to you. It's just being more in tuned with that.
Richelle Direny: And that's in so it's working through identified the things that you struggle with trust. It's learning how to trust again.
Richelle Direny: It's if it's
Richelle Direny: The social anxiety. It's learning how to become social again in a healthier way. Now I'm not telling you to go be everybody be all everybody face because we don't need to. But it's learning how to socialize again.
Richelle Direny: You know, identifying those things that are big struggle for you that are terrifying for you that you fear so much identifying those things and then learning healthier ways of how to
Richelle Direny: Get through it combat it and just so that it's not so crippling and
Richelle Direny: Ultimately just mean crippling for you.
Brittany Dingess: And and yeah, absolutely.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so it's just learning that, but then I always use the term peeling it back by like a banana. If fear is your number one thing. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Well, let's have a session about just talking about, what are your fears and where are those fears coming from and how do you get through those. It is that fear and anxiety to us.
Richelle Direny: And so once you pick apart and peel it, but like, but like a banana and get to its core. And that's really how you understand
Richelle Direny: Think about, like, if you study. I'm in in your studies, you may learn about a personal with split personality disorder that dissociate.
Richelle Direny: Ultimately what the counselor does with a person with split personality disorder. They go through all the different personalities, to get to the core person who they're protecting
Richelle Direny: And once you get to the core person and understand what happened to that core person, then you start working on that core person. And once you start once you get to that core person.
Richelle Direny: Then all the other protective factors go away. They slowly die because now I've gotten to the core. And now I am able to work with the core
Richelle Direny: And that's what you have to do your fear is now you need to get to the core of your fear what what is is what makes you so fearful what occurred that makes you so fearful and then everything else will start falling
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: What
Richelle Direny: But hopefully you one of the first things that we talked about, is that really look into is it truly addiction counseling. You want to go into or finding something broad
Richelle Direny: That will help you
Brittany Dingess: That's, I mean, originally when I first, you know, first enrolled. I had just gotten out of an inpatient rehab. So that was what inspired me was my counselor in that inpatient program.
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, as I have studied, you know, and work through the coursework and stuff and had a colleague more and more contact with clients and contact with more counselors and different things and I made my at this point I want to open my own to get licensed and open my own practice.
And
Brittany Dingess: And do something a little more generalized I think
Brittany Dingess: Most. I mean, you know, help us help. Whether you know drugs and alcohol or involved or
Brittany Dingess: You know, whatever, whatever the case may be.
Richelle Direny: Um, let me ask you to is is Fridays. Good for you. Or this Tuesday's
Richelle Direny: Can we meet on a Tuesday at noon.
Brittany Dingess: Tuesday's fine I'm at this at this point with me being laid off and everything, especially, it doesn't really matter.
Richelle Direny: Okay, what about TUESDAY THE 21st
Brittany Dingess: I should be fine.
Richelle Direny: I don't have fun. I'll send you a reminder
Brittany Dingess: Okay, I don't have
Brittany Dingess: Oh,
Brittany Dingess: Yeah, I don't have anything that I can think of.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so we'll do, we'll do TUESDAY THE 21st and excitement. We meet
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: All right, thank you so much. Have a good rest of your week and I'll see you
Richelle Direny: On Wednesday.
Brittany Dingess: All right.
Brittany Dingess: Thank you.
You're welcome.